updated readme (#265)
viperproject/gobra: README.md

        - silver -> ..\silver
    - Change directory to `gobraHome/carbon` and create the symbolic links:
        - silver -> ..\silver
    - Change to `gobraHome/gobra-one` and create the links:
        - silver -> ..\silver
        - silicon -> ..\silicon
        - carbon -> ..\carbon
4. Install Z3 and Boogie. 

>     Steps (iii) and (iv) are specific to Boogie and only necessary when using Carbon as verification backend. Gobra uses another verification backend by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Steps (iii) and (iv) are specific to Boogie and only necessary when using Carbon as verification backend. Gobra uses Silicon as default backend.
```
